"""
As of 12 Oct 2024:
Okay, the idea is not so much "visual novel" as it is, as the project states, a "choose your adventure" in a text based format. That said, this game is basically an otome,
or a "story based romance game".

The "party" consists of only the player character. The goal of the game is to get a "good ending" with one of the two possible romanceable NPCS: Mothman and Bigfoot
(maybe Slenderman? might be more interesting...). Based on the "random event" choices, various stats are built or degraded, which then influences the pass/fail outcomes
of specific NPC interaction events. As this is a very basic project, at this moment I (Cat) think it makes sense to have 3 "random" events, and then 3 events for both Mothman
and the other NPC (9 total eevnts). As for the ending of the game, I am not totally sure how we will go about the actual implementation, however my idea is that an ending is
decided based on how many events you pass/fail for both Mothman and the other NPC.

Reach goals for project: 
1. random events "lock in" player to either a "Mothman path" or "Slenderman path", and from there you either get a "good" or "bad" ending for whichever path the player
locks into. #Not Slenderman
1.A. Mothman possible path, other cryptids that could be used include Bigfoot, the Flatwoods Monster, the Jersey Devil, Black Shuck(?)
2. If Reach Goal 1 is accomplished, add an additional "neutral" ending to both the Mothman and Slenderman paths.
3. An alternate to to Reach Goal 2 is to simply add a third romanceable NPC and its associated path with corresponding good/bad endings.
4. Ultra Reach: add third romanceable NPC option, have the ability to "lock in" to one of the three paths, and have one of three achievable endings (good, bad, neutral)
for each of the three paths.

"""
"""
Oct 14, 2024
I (Sam) think we could have stats for our playabe character. These could include strength, curiosity, charm, and/or fear levels. These could all affect how the game goes.
Ex: If your fear is high, it is harder to interact with Mothman or Bigfoot.
Ex: The more curiosity you have, the more options you have available to you to choose from.


"""
Oct 16 2024
I wonder if we could use the turtle to draw a visual "map" of the novel and it shows the forks in the paths the playable character can take


"""
October 18 2024

Thinkning about how to make it more interesting.


"""
21 Oct 2024

I like the idea put on Oct 14. I also like the idea of making a visual map with turtle. Having some personal issues to deal with, but if I'm able I personally 
want to try to start editing the actual code.

""""

"""
Oct 22 2024

I am aslo am dealing with some stuff right now. I am hoping to get a meeting in and start the coding process!
